# IR04

## Overview
- Check the [package content](overview.md#package-content){ data-preview }.
- View the router's [appearance](overview.md#appearance){ data-preview }.
- View the [interaces](overview.md#interfaces){ data-preview } layout. 
- Check the [LED indicators](overview.md#leds){ data-preview } status.
## Install
- [Mount](install_power.md#install-router){ data-preview } the router on the wall or DIN-rail.
- [Install](install_power.md#install-antennas){ data-preview } the 4G/WiFi antenna(s).
- [Install](install_power.md#install-sim-cards){ data-preview } SIM card(s).
## Power
- Three ways to provide [power supply](install_power.md#power-supply){ data-preview } for the router.
## Quick Setup
- Connect the router to the Internet with Web-based [Quick Setup](quick_setup.md){ data-preview } wizard.

-----
## Management
### I. System Status
- [System Status](status.md){ data-preview }: Check the [status](status.md){ data-preview } of the router system, including Mesh, Cellular, Wireless 2.4G and so on.

### II. General Settings
- [Cellular](cellular.md#APN){ data-preview }: Configure the cellular network features, including APN, SMS, Data Settings, AT Command and Modem Reset.
- [Serial Service](serial_service.md){ data-preview }: Configure [DB9](serial_service.md#db9rs-232422485){ data-preview } and [6PIN](serial_service.md#6pinrs-422485){ data-preview } serial ports for legacy PLC/SCADA communication.
- [Input/Output](input_output.md){ data-preview }: Check the status and configure the rules/schedules, for Digital/Analog ports to monitor sensors or trigger relays.
- [WISP](wisp.md){ data-preview }: Enable the router to wirelessly connect to a distant Wi-Fi network and share that connection locally via Ethernet/Wi-Fi, acting as a client bridge.
- [Wireless 2.4G](wireless_2.4g.md){ DATA-PREVIEW }: Customize the router's 2.4G wireless network, including SSID and password, mode, channel, channel width and transmit power, and so on.
- [VPN](vpn.md){ DATA-PREVIEW }: Help to access the Internet remotely, securely, and privately through tunneling technology which encrypts your personal information and hides your IP address from the public.
- [Firmware](firmware.md){ DATA-PREVIEW }: Update the router's [firmware](firmware.md){ data-preview } to be the latest version.

### III. Advanced Settings

**[Network](network.md){ data-preview }**

- [LAN/WAN Switch](network.md#lanwan-switch){ data-preview }: Switch the WAN/LAN port between local network switching (LAN mode) and wide-area routing (WAN mode).
- [LAN](network.md#lan){ data-preview }: Modify the router's LAN IP address, when necessary.
- [Guest Network](network.md#guest-network){ data-preview }: Create a guest network without disturbing the main netowrk's security and privacy.
- [DHCP Server](network.md#dhcp-server){ data-preview }: Specify the IP address for client devices by the router as a DHCP Server.
- [IPv6](IPv6.md){ data-preview }: Set up an IPv6 Connection.
- [IGMP](network.md#igmp){ data-preview }:  Manage and optimize multicast traffic for the client devices, like IPTV.
- [QoS](network.md#qos){ data-preview }: Prioritize connection of specific devices for a certain duration. 
- [Custom DNS](network.md#custom-dns){ data-preview }: Customize a DNS server to be resolved through for DNS names.
- [DDNS](network.md#ddns){ data-preview }: Map a domain name to the dynamic IP address of a network device.
- [Static Routing](network.md#static-routing){ data-preview }: Manually configure routings for data forwarding.
- [Port Forwards](network.md#port-forwards){ data-preview }: Set up public services on your local network with higher security.
- [Port Trigger](network.md#port-trigger){ data-preview }: Specify a triggering port and its corresponding external ports.
- [DMZ](network.md#dmz){ data-preview }: Disable DMZ unless necessary.
- [Online Detection](network.md#online-detection){ data-preview }: Ensure your network always online and operational.
- [TTL](network.md#ttl){ data-preview }: Set the maximum time for packets to survive in the network.
- [Wake on LAN](network.md#wake-on-lan){ data-preview }: Allow a computer to be turned on or awakened by a network message.
- [UPnP](network.md#upnp){ data-preview }: Allow applications or host devices to automatically find the front-end NAT device.
- [USB Sharing](network.md#usb-sharing){ data-preview }: Allow network-connected devices to access the shared files in the USB devices connected to the router.

**[Security](security.md){ data-preview }**

- [Firewall](security.md#firewall){ data-preview }: Monitor and control incoming and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules.
- [MAC Filter](security.md#mac-filter){ data-preview }: Prevent unauthorized devices with certain MAC address from accessing the network.
- [IP Filter](security.md#ip-filter){ data-preview }: Block or allow traffic to your network or system based on the IP addresses. 
- [Domain Filter](security.md#domain-filter){ data-preview }: Control or limit access to specific websites or Internet services by filtering domain name requests. 
- [IP/MAC Binding](security.md#ipmac-binding){ data-preview }: Bind network device's IP address to its MAC address. 
- [WPS](security.md#wps){ data-preview }: Set up a security-protected Wi-Fi connection without sharing/entering credentials. 
- [WiFi Schedule](security.md#wifi-schedule){ data-preview }: Turn on/off the router's wireless network automatically at a specific time.
- [ALG](security.md#alg){ data-preview }: Inspect and modify application-layer data in network traffic to allow it to pass through firewalls and other security devices more easily.

**[System](system.md){ data-preview }**

- [System Time](system.md#system-time){ data-preview }: Configure the router's system time, necessary for some time-based functions.
- [Firmware](system.md#firmware){ data-preview }: Upgrade the firmware to the latest version.
- [Backup/Restore](system.md#backuprestore){ data-preview }: Backup the configuration file or restore it.
- [Administration](system.md#administration){ data-preview }: Access and manage the router from the local or remote devices.
- [Admin Account](system.md#admin-account){ data-preview }: Change the router's login password.
- [Language](system.md#language){ data-preview }: Customize the router's web management language.
- [Timed Reboot](system.md#timed-reboot){ data-preview }: Schedule for the router rebooting.
- [Reboot](system.md#reboot){ data-preview }: Reboot the router for the settings or changes to take effect.
- [Reset](system.md#reset){ data-preview }: Restore the router to its factory default settings.
- [TR069](system.md#tr069){ data-preview }: Configure the router's TR069 (CPE WAN Management).

### IV. Diagnostic Tools
- [Diagnosis](diagnostic_tools.md#diagnosis){ data-preview }: The diagnosis result will indicate the status of Internet, Wireless, Devices, Services and System. You can click Download to reserve the diagnosis bin file.
- [PING](diagnostic_tools.md#ping){ data-preview }: Used to test the connectivity between the router and the tested host, and measure the round-trip time.
- [TRACEROUTE](diagnostic_tools.md#traceroute){ data-preview }: Used to test the route (path) your router has passed to reach the tested host, and measure transit delays of packets across an Internet Protocol network.
- [NSLOOKUP](diagnostic_tools.md#nslookup){ data-preview }: Checks if the DNS IP address of the WAN can work normally.
- [System Log](diagnostic_tools.md#system-log){ data-preview }: Tracks all the router behaviors. When the router does not work normally, download the system log and send it to our Technical Support for troubleshooting.